Update Cadence Tutorials 1-6 to be more interactive and streamlined (#172)
onflow/cadence-lang.org: docs/tutorial/05-non-fungible-tokens-2.md

:::

```cadence
access(all) resource Collection {
    access(all) var ownedNFTs: @{UInt64: NFT}

    init () {
        self.ownedNFTs <- {}
    }
}
```

:::tip

Cadence is an object-oriented language.  Inside of a composite type, such as a [resource], `self` refers to the instance of that type and **not** the contract itself.

:::

Dictionary definitions don't usually have the `@` symbol in the type specification, but because the `myNFTs` mapping stores resources, the whole field must become a resource type.  Therefore, you need the `@` symbol indicating that `ownedNFTs` is a resource type.

As a result, all the rules that apply to resources apply to this type.

### Utility Functions

It's helpful for a collection to be able to handle some basic operations, such as accepting an NFT into the collection, validating whether or not a token is present, or sharing a list of all token IDs.

:::info[Action]

Write a function to `deposit` a token into `ownedNFTs`:

:::

```cadence
access(all) fun deposit(token: @NFT) {
    self.ownedNFTs[token.id] <-! token
}
```

:::tip

> Notice that we're using the `<-!` force assignment operator to move the token.  This will give still give a runtime error if the location is **not** `nil`, but it won't give a typecheck error like the `<-` move operator would in this instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that we're using the `<-!` force assignment operator to move the token.  This will still give a runtime error if the location already has something else stored, but it won't give a typecheck error like the `<-` move operator would in this instance.
```

    - Cadence
    - Resources
    - Capabilities
    - Collection
    - Dictionary
tags:
  - reference
  - NFT
  - Non-Fungible Token
  - cadence
  - tutorial
socialImageTitle: Intermediate NFTs in Cadence
socialImageDescription: NFT social image.
---

In the [last tutorial], you implemented a simple NFT that users could mint, hold, and trade, but there was a serious flaw - each user could only hold one NFT at a time.  In this tutorial, you'll improve your implementation to allow it to be able to grant users multiple NFTs and the tools needed to manage them.

:::tip

> If you're already comfortable with Cadence and have found this page looking for information on how to build production-ready NFTs, check out the [NFT Guide] and [Flow NFT Standard] repository.

Author: Ahh, it looks like the preview renders the html as plaintext.  These have to use <a> links so they can open in a new window.
